OP-138 - Patient Photo to File System Repository (#108)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_admin/AdminManual.adoc

PATIENTBILLGROUPED=PatientBillGrouped
PATIENTBILLSTATEMENT=PatientBillStatement
DEBUG=no

> PATIENTPHOTO=DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE=DB
```

NOTE: An application restart is required to apply the modified setting.

==== 3.1.36 PATIENTPHOTO

The following table shows the default value and the allowed ones:

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Key |Default Value |Valid Values
|PATIENTPHOTO |DB |DB, filesystem path
|===

> Open Hospital can save profile picture on DB or on filesystem. 

Reviewer 2: Better wording: Open Hospital can save the user's profile picture in the database or on the file system.

> When it is not specified DB but a non empty string, Open Hospital will search for profile picture in the path specified in PATIENTPHOTO parameter.

Reviewer 2: Better wording: If the PATIENTPHOTO parameter is not set to DB and is not blank, Open Hospital searches for the profile picture in the path specified in he PATIENTPHOTO parameter.

> By default, PATIENTPHOTO is set to DB.

Reviewer 2: Personally I don't like the idea of over loading the single parameter this way.   I think it would be better to have PATIENTPHOTO with values DB and FILE and a second parameter PATIENTPHOTOPATH if the first is set to FILE.

NOTE: An application restart is required to apply the modified setting.

> ==== 3.1.36 PATIENTPHOTO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== 3.1.36 PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE
```

The following table shows the default value and the allowed ones:

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Key |Default Value |Valid Values

> |PATIENTPHOTO |DB |DB, FILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE |DB |DB, _<path_to_folder>_
```

|===

Open Hospital can save the user's profile picture in the database or on the file system.

> If the PATIENTPHOTO parameter is set to FILE, Open Hospital searches for the profile picture in the path specified in he PATIENTPHOTO parameter. 
> 
> If the PATHPHOTO parameter is set to DB, then Open Hospital searches for the patient profile picture in the DB.
> 
> 
> By default, PATIENTPHOTO is set to DB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE parameter is set to a path (different from "DB"), Open Hospital searches for the profile picture in the specified path.

If the PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE parameter is set to "DB", then Open Hospital searches for the patient profile picture in the DB.

By default, PATIENTPHOTOSTORAGE is set to "DB".
```

NOTE: An application restart is required to apply the modified setting.

> ==== 3.1.36 PATIENTPHOTOPATH
> 
> If PATIENTPHOTO is equal to FILE, then it is mandatory to set the PATIENTPHOTOPATH that should contain the directory where the patient profile pictures will be stored.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following table shows the default value and the allowed ones:

> [cols=",,",options="header",]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
```
